Animals that lay eggs don't have belly buttons.
Beavers can hold their breath for 45 minutes under water.
Slugs have four noses.
Camels have three eyelids.
A honey bee can fly at 15mph.
A queen bee can lay 800-1,500 eggs per day.
A bee has five eyelids.
The average speed of a housefly is 4.5 mph.
Mosquitoes are attracted to people who just ate bananas.
Flamingos turn pink from eating shrimp.
Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backward.
Cats have over 100 vocal chords.
Camel's milk does not curdle.
All porcupines float in water.
The world's termites outweigh the world's humans about 10 to 1.
A hummingbird weighs less than a penny.
A jellyfish is approximately 95% water.
Children tend to grow faster in the spring.
Broccoli is the only vegetable that is also a flower.
Almonds are part of the peach family.
Alaska has the highest percentage of people who walk to work.
The San Francisco cable cars are the only mobile national monument.
The state of Maine has 62 lighthouses.
The Hawaiian alphabet only has 12 letters.
A ball of glass will bounce higher than a ball of rubber.
Chewing gum while peeling onions will prevent you from crying.
On average a human will spend up to 2 weeks kissing in his/her lifetime.
Fish have eyelids.
There are about 1 million ants for every person in the world.
Termites eat through wood two times faster when listening to rock music!
If you keep a goldfish in a dark room it will eventually turn white.
A snail breathes through its foot.
Fish cough.
An ant's sense of smell is stronger than a dog's.
It is possible to lead a cow up stairs but not down.
Frogs cannot swallow with their eyes open.
A cat's lower jaw cannot move sideways.
The bullfrog is the only animal that never sleeps.
Elephants are capable of swimming 20 miles per day.
Elephants are the only mammals that can't jump.
Giraffes have no vocal chords.
Cats can hear ultrasound.
Despite its hump, a camel has a straight spine.
Mosquitoes have 47 teeth.
There are 63,360 inches in a mile.
About 11% of the people in the world are left-handed.
The average smell weighs 760 nanograms.
A human brain weighs about three pounds.
1/4 of the bones in your body are in your feet.
You blink over 10,000,000 times a year.
A sneeze travels out of your mouth at over 100 miles an hour.
Brain waves can be used to power an electric train.
The tongue is the fastest healing part of the body.
Pigs can get sunburn.
The lifespan of a taste bud is about ten days.
The average human produces 10,000 gallons of saliva in a lifetime.
Strawberries contain more vitamin C than oranges.
A one-day weather forecast requires about 10 billion math calculations.
Americans, on average, eat 18 acres of pizza a day.
There are 18 different animal shapes in the animal cracker zoo.
The longest one syllable word is "screeched."
No word in the English language rhymes with month.
There is a town called "Big Ugly" in West Virginia.
The average person spends 2 weeks over his/her lifetime waiting for a traffic light to change.
You share your birthday with at least 9 million other people in the world.
No piece of paper can be folded more than seven times.
Alaska is the most eastern and western state in the U.S.
There are 119 grooves on the edge of a quarter.
About 18 percent of animal owners share their bed with their pet.
Alaska has more caribou than people.
Googol is a number (1 followed by 100 zeros).
Oysters can change from one gender to another and back again.
The Mona Lisa has no eyebrows.
Until the 19th century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.
A mile on the ocean and a mile on land are not the same distance.
A ten gallon hat holds less than one gallon of liquid.
The average raindrop falls at seven mph.
There are more telephones than people in Washington, D.C.
Fish can drown.
A kangaroo can jump 30 feet.
Lizards communicate by doing push-ups.
Squids can have eyes the size of a volleyball.
The average American will eat 35,000 cookies in his/her lifetime.
A turkey can run at 20 mph.
When the moon is directly overhead, you weigh slightly less.
You burn about 20 calories per hour chewing gum.
In a year, the average person walks four miles making his or her bed.
About half of all Americans are on a diet on any given day.
A one-minute kiss burns about 26 calories.
Frowning burns more calories than smiling.
You will burn about 7% more calories walking on hard dirt than on pavement.
You would weigh less on the top of a mountain than at sea level.
You burn more calories sleeping than watching TV.
Licking a stamp burns 10 calories.
Smelling apples and/or bananas can help you lose weight.
Frogs never drink.
Only male turkeys gobble.
At birth, a Dalmation is always pure white.
Bamboo makes up 99 percent of a panda's diet.
The largest fish is the whale shark - it can be over 50 feet long and weigh two tons.
The starfish is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out.
Honeybees are the only insects that create a form of food for humans.
The hummingbird is the only bird that can fly backwards.
The only continent without reptiles or snakes is Antarctica.
The only bird that can swim and not fly is a penguin.
A duck can't walk without bobbing its head.
Beavers were once the size of bears.
Seals sleep only one and a half minutes at a time.
Pigeons have been trained by the U.S. Coast Guard to spot people lost at sea.
A pigeon's feathers are heavier than its bones.
A hummingbird's heart beats 1,400 times a minute.
Dragonflies have six legs but can't walk.
Dolphins can jump up to 20 feet in the air.
Koala and humans are the only animals with unique fingerprints.
Penguins have an organ above their eyes that converts seawater to fresh water.
A crocodile cannot move its tongue.
Honeybees navigate by using the sun as a compass.
An ant can lift 50 times its own weight.
A single coffee tree produces only about a pound of coffee beans per year.
Strawberries are the only fruits whose seeds grow on the outside.
The city of Los Angeles has about 3x more automobiles than people.
Hawaii is the only U.S. state that grows coffee commercially.
Hawaii is the only state with one school district.
Holland is the only country with a national dog.
The square dance is the official dance of the state of Washington.
Hawaii is the only U.S. state never to report a temperature of zero degrees F or below.
"Q" is the only letter in the alphabet not appearing in the name of any U.S. state.
Texas is the only state that permits residents to cast absentee ballots from space.
Lake Superior is the world's largest lake.
The smallest county in America is New York County, better known as Manhattan.
Panama is the only place in the world where you can see the sun rise on the Pacific and set on the Atlantic.
The tallest man was 8 ft. 11 in.
Theodore Roosevelt was the only president who was blind in one eye.
The first sport to be filmed was boxing in 1894.
The speed limit in NYC was eight mph in 1895.
Americans spend more than $630 million a year on golf balls.
In 1926, the first outdoor mini-golf courses were built on rooftops in NYC.
Swimming pools in the U.S. contain enough water to cover San Francisco.
The first TV soap opera debuted in 1946.
The first MTV video was "Video Killed the Radio Star" by the Buggles.
The first TV show ever to be put into reruns was "The Lone Ranger."
One alternative title that had been considered for NBC's hit "Friends" was "Insomnia CafÃ©."
The first TV network kids show in the U.S. was "Captain Kangaroo."
The temperature of the sun can reach up to 15 million degrees Fahrenheit.
The first penny had the motto "Mind your own business."
The first vacuum was so large, it was brought to a house by horses.
Your eye expands up to 45% when looking at something pleasing.
Before mercury, brandy was used to fill thermometers.
You'd have to play ping-pong for about 12 hours to lose one pound.
One brow wrinkle is the result of 200,000 frowns.
The first human-made object to break the sound barrier was a whip.
In 1878, the first telephone book ever issued contained only 50 names.
The most sensitive parts of the body are the mouth and the fingertips.
The eye makes movements 50 times every second.
Chinese is the most spoken language in the world.
The world's biggest pyramid is not in Egypt, but in Mexico.
In 1634, tulip bulbs were a form of currency in Holland.
The first bike was called a hobbyhorse.
The first sailing boats were built in Egypt.
The first ballpoint pens were sold in 1945 for $12.00.
The first VCR was made in 1956 and was the size of a piano.
The first jukebox was located in San Francisco in 1899.
A rainbow can only be seen in the morning or late afternoon.
The Capitol building in Washington, D.C. has 365 steps to represent every day of the year.
The most used letters in the English language are E, T, A, O, I and N.
A male kangaroo is called a boomer.
A female kangaroo is called a flyer.
There are over 61,000 pizzerias in the U.S.
Antarctica is the driest, coldest, windiest, and highest continent on earth.
The Sahara Desert stretches farther than the distance from California to New York.
Thailand means "Land of the Free."
Popcorn was invented by the American Indians.
Jupiter spins so fast that there is a new sunrise nearly every 10 hours.
The year that read the same upside down was 1961. That won't happen again until 6009.
You don't have to be a lawyer to be a Supreme Court Justice.
Eleven of the 50 U.S. states are named after an actual person.
If you doubled one penny every day for 30 days, you would have $5,368,709.
The first person crossed Niagara Falls by tightrope in 1859.
The U.S. is the largest country named after a real person (Amerigo Vespucci).
The largest cheesecake ever made weighed 57,508 lbs.
The first country to use postcards was Austria.
The only one-syllabled U.S. state is Maine.
The mouth of the Statue of Liberty is 3 feet wide.
Atlantic salmon are capable of leaping 15 feet high.
A stamp shaped like a banana was once issued in the country of Tonga.
Over 1 million Earths would fit inside the Sun.
Before 1687 clocks were made with only an hour hand.
Add up opposing sides of a dice cue and you'll always get seven.
The average koala sleeps 22 hours each day.
Galapagos turtles can take up to three weeks to digest a meal.
The largest ball of twine in the US weighs over 17,000.
Giraffes can lick their own eyes.
Tennessee banned the use of a lasso to catch fish.
TV dinners originated in the Artic.
Blackboard chalk contains no chalk.
A jackrabbit can travel more than 12 feet in one hop.
An electric eel can release a charge powerful enough to start 50 cars.
Porcupines each have 30,000 quills.
The game of basketball was first played using a soccer ball and two peach baskets.
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star was composed by Mozart when he was five years old.
The Basenji is the only type of dog that does not bark.
America's 1st roller coaster was built in 1827 to carry coal from a mine to boats below.
There are towns named Sandwich in Illinois and Massachusetts.
Tsiology is anything written about tea.
There is a town in South Dakota named Tea.
The Caspian Sea is actually a lake.
Caterpillars have over 2,000 muscles.
The blue whale's heart is the size of a small car.
There are seven letters that look the same upside down as right side up.
The biggest pig in recorded history weighed almost one ton.
Cows give more milk when they listen to music.
The number of times a cricket chirps in 15 seconds, plus 37, will give you the current air temperature.
An ostrich's brain is smaller than its eye.
"Challenger Deep" is the deepest point on Earth and can hold 25 Empire State Buildings end to end.
The only cactus plantation in the world is in Mississippi.
The Nickname of President Hayes's wife was "Lemonade Lucy."
If you put all the streets in New York City in a straight line, they would stretch to Japan.
The watermelon seed-spitting world record is about 70 feet.
The first typewriter was called the "literary piano."
The "silk" of a spider is stronger than steel threads of the same diameter.
Snoopy is the most common dog name beginning with the letter S.
The 1st public message to be transmitted via Morse code was "A patient waiter is no loser."
Mongolians invented lemonade around 1299 A.D.
There are more French restaurants in New York City than in Paris.
There is a town in Alaska called Chicken.
The first TV remote control, introduced in 1950, was called Lazy Bones.
The only bird who can see the color blue is the owl.
Among North Atlantic lobsters, about 1 in 5,000 is born bright blue.
There are more saunas than cars in Finland.
The first food eaten in space by a U.S. astronaut was applesauce.
Lemon wood is carved into chess pieces.
The original recipe for chocolate contained chili powder instead of sugar.
Underwater hockey is played with a 3-pound puck.
Bowling pins need to tip over a mere 7 1/2 degrees to fall down.
Your breathing rate increases when you start to type.
About 90% of all garlic consumed in the U.S. comes from Gilroy, CA.
Double Dutch jump rope is considered a cross-training sport.
One lemon tree will produce about 1,500 lemons a year.
Horseback riding can improve your posture.
Colors like red, yellow and orange make you hungry.
Dim lights reduce your appetite.
At birth a human has 350 bones, but only 206 bones when full grown.
Each year, the average American eats about 15 pounds of apples.
It took the first man to walk around the world four years, three months and 16 days to complete his journey.
Grizzly bears run as fast as the average horse.
Today's "modern" wrestling moves have been seen in tomb drawings from ancient Egypt.
China only has one time zone.
Canada has the longest coastline of any country in the world.
The amount of concrete used in the Hoover Dam could build a highway from New York to California.
The original name of Nashville, Tennessee was Big Salt Lick.
If you drive from Los Angeles to Reno, NV, you will be heading west.
A compass needle does not point directly north.
Mt. Everest has grown one foot over the last 100 years.
In ancient Rome, lemons were used as an antidote to all poisons.
The height of the Eiffel Tower varies by as much as 6 inches depending on the temperature.
Wisconsin has points located farther east than parts of Florida.
Four Corners, AZ, is the only place where a person can stand in 4 states at the same time.
In 1908, the first lollipop-making machine started in New Haven, CT.
Africa is divided into more countries than any other continent.
Heavier, not bigger lemons, produce more juice.
Vermont is the only New England state without a seacoast.
No only child has been a U.S. President.
Leonardo da Vinci could draw with one hand while writing with the other.
In 1860, Abraham Lincoln grew a beard at the suggestion of an 11-year-old girl.
David Rice Atchison was President of the United States for only one day.
The sail fish has been clocked at speeds of over 60 miles per hour.
The Library of Congress has 600 miles of shelves.
Pennsylvania is misspelled on the Liberty Bell, because that is how they spelled it in the 18th century.
William Shakespeare was born and died on the same day: April 23.
Ketchup was once sold as a medicine.
Napoleon suffered from a fear of cats.
In 1900, 1/3 of all automobiles in New York City were powered by electricity.
The 4th Earl of Sandwich invented the sandwich so he could eat and gamble at the same time.
In the Middle Ages, chicken soup was considered an aphrodisiac.
Ancient Egyptians believed the "vein of love" ran from the third finger on the left hand to the heart.
The word "facetious" features all the vowels in alphabetical order.
The standard Chinese typewriter has 1,500 characters.
A flea can jump 30,000 times without stopping.
"O" is the oldest letter of the alphabet, dating back to 3000 B.C.
The Japanese word "judo" means "the gentle way."
No two lip impressions are the same.
It took Leonardo da Vinci 12 years to paint the lips of Mona Lisa.
Top-performing companies are called "blue chips" after the costliest chips in casinos.
The name for the space between your eyebrows is "nasion."
There is a town called Jackpot in Nevada.
The word "purple" does not rhyme with any other word in the English language.
In the U.S., there are about 15,000 vacuum cleaner-related accidents each year.
The Lemon-Yellow Tree Frog is only active in the darkness of night.
The legs of bats are too weak to support their weight, so they hang upside down.
75% of people wash from top to bottom in the shower.
On average, you'll spend a year of your life looking for misplaced objects.
Chewing gum was invented in New York City in 1870 by Thomas Adams.
The Statue of Liberty features 7 points in her crown- one for each of the continents.
The world's first escalator was built in Coney Island, NY, in 1896.
The top of the Empire State Building was originally built as a place to anchor blimps.
The area code in Cape Canaveral, Fl, is 321.
Ohio is the only U.S. state that does not have a rectangular flag.
Long Island is the largest island in the Continental U.S.
The beaver is the official animal of Canada.
Maine produces more toothpicks than any other state in the U.S.
The last letter to be added to our alphabet was J.
Farmington, Maine celebrates Chester Greenwood Day to honor the inventor of earmuffs.
Of all the trees in Australia, 75% are eucalyptus.
There are more doughnut shops per capita in Canada than in any other country.
There is an underground mushroom in Oregon that measures 3.5 miles across.
Of the 92 counties in Indiana, only 5 observe daylight savings time.
California and Arizona grow approximately 95% of the fresh lemons in the U.S.
The term 007 was derived from 20007, the home zip code of many Washington, D.C. agents.
Leonardo da Vinci discovered that a tree's rings reveal its age.
The popsicle was invented in 1905 by an 11-year-old boy.
The medical term for writer's cramp is graphospasm.
A male firefly's light is twice as bright as a female's.
It is estimated that the world's oceans contain 10 billion tons of gold.
The watersheds that supply water to New York City are roughly the size of Delaware.
Cold water weighs less than hot water.
Storm clouds hold about 6 trillion raindrops.
The weight of the moon is 81 billion tons.
Bamboo can grow three feet in one day.
A tune that gets stuck in your head is called an earworm.
You exhale air at 15 m.p.h.
A baboon is a variety of lemon.
Butterflies were formerly known by the name Flutterby.
Mexican jumping beans jump to get out of sunlight.
The pineapple is a very big berry.
"Arachibutlphobia" is the fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of your mouth.
Pearls dissolve in vinegar.
Borborygmi is the noise that your stomach makes when you are hungry.
The center of some golf balls contain honey.
International tug of war rules state that the rope must be over 100-feet long.
In 2003, a 6-year-old from Naples, FL was ticketed for not having a permit for her lemonade stand.
On Valentine's Day, there is no charge to get married in the Empire State Building's chapel.
Heat, not sunlight, ripens tomatoes.
Grapes are the most popular fruit in the world.
A housefly hums in the key of F.
Endocarp is the edible pulp inside a lemon.
Thomas Edison coined the word "hello" and introduced it as a way to answer the phone.
"Way" is the most frequently used noun in the English language.
The "high five" was introduced by a professional baseball player in 1977.
"Disco" means "I learn" in Latin.
It costs the U.S. government 2.5 cents to produce a quarter.
The "lemon yellow" crayon was introduced in 1949 and retired in 1990.
It is illegal for a portrait of a living person to appear on U.S. postage stamps.
Baboons were once trained by Egyptians to wait on tables.
The official state gem of Washington is petrified wood.
Mount Katahdin in Maine is the first place in the U.S. to get sunlight each morning.
Each year, the average person walks the distance from NY to Miami.
New York City's public school students represent about 188 different countries.
In the U.S., all interstate highways that run east to west are even-numbered.
Jack is the most common name in nursery rhymes.
Three out of every six Americans live within fifty miles of where they were born.
The raised bump reflectors on U.S. roads are named "Botts dots."
Nearly 9,000 people injure themselves with a toothpick each year.
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
The dragonfly can reach speeds of up to 36 mph.
Bamboo can grow over three feet per day.
Hippos can open their mouths 180 degrees.
About 80 women go into labor on NYC subways every year.
The coldest city in the U.S. is International Falls, Minnesota.
Christopher Columbus brought the first lemon seeds to America.
The largest hailstone ever recorded in the U.S. was 17.5 inches around.
The Statue of Liberty's nose is four feet six inches long.
The East Antarctic Ice Sheet is as thick as the Alps Mountains are high.
The deepest place in the ocean is about seven miles deep.
The largest dog litter was 23 puppies.
Panda bears eat up to 16 hours a day.
Approximately 16,500 people in the U.S. go by the last name Lemon.
Bald eagles can swim using a stroke similar to the butterfly stroke.
Lifejackets used to be filled with sunflower seeds for flotation.
Two trees can create enough oxygen for a family of four.
The T-rex's closest living relative is the chicken.
Chameleons can move both their eyes in different directions at the same time.
The most popular pet name in the United States is 'Max.'
Many butterflies and moths are able to taste with their feet.
All polar bears are left-handed.
The smallest mammal in the world is the bumblebee bat, which weighs less than a penny.
A jiffy is an actual time measurement equaling 1/100th of a second.
Greyhounds can reach speeds of 45 miles per hour.
Apples, peaches and raspberries are all members of the rose family.
U.S. paper currency isn't made of paper - it's actually a blend of cotton and linen.
The ZIP in the ZIP code stands for Zone Improvement Plan.
Kangaroos can't walk backwards.
The Empire State Building has 73 elevators.
Lemons ripen after you pick them, but oranges do not.
There are 118 ridges on the edge of a United States dime.
There are 336 dimples on a regulation American golf ball.
One acre of peanuts will make about 30,000 peanut butter sandwiches.
A twit is the technical term for a pregnant goldfish.
Antarctica holds 90% of the world's fresh water.
The state of Tennessee was originally called Franklin.
In the U.S. a pig has to weigh more than 180 lbs to be called a hog.
Bloodhounds can track a man by smell for up to 100 miles.
Beavers have orange teeth.
The woodpecker can hammer wood up to 16 times per second.
Mount Everest rises a few millimeters every year.
Snails can sleep for up to three years.
The pupils in goats' eyes are rectangular.
Jousting is the official sport in the state of Maryland.
Bees' wings beat about 11,400 times per minute.
The pound sign, or #, is called an octothorp.
The Statue of Liberty wears a size 879 sandal.
If there are two full moons in a month, the second one is called a blue moon.
You breathe in about 13 pints of air every minute.
A gallon of water weighs 8.34 pounds.
The sun evaporates about a trillion tons of water a day.
Sound travels quicker in water than in air.
A group of cats is called a clowder.
Human eyes have over two million working parts.
There are approximately 9,000 taste buds on your tongue.
Raindrops can fall as fast as 20 miles per hour.
Polar bear fur is transparent, not white.
Lobsters can live up to 50 years.
About 85% of the world's population is right-handed.
The first traffic light was in use in London in 1868, before the advent of cars.
Fresh cranberries can be bounced like a rubber ball.
A group of a dozen or more cows is called a 'flink.'
Astronauts actually get taller when in space.
A fifteen-year-old boy invented earmuffs in 1873.
There is a ranch in Texas that is bigger than the entire state of Rhode Island.
The dot over the letter i is called a tittle.
Cows do not have upper front teeth.
The great white shark can go up to three months between meals.
During the Boston Tea Party, 342 chests of tea were thrown into the harbor.
Pluto takes 248 years to orbit the sun once.
Camels have three eyelids.
454 U.S. dollar bills weigh exactly one pound.
Dairy cows drink up to 50 gallons of water per day.
The most common name for a pet goldfish is 'Jaws.'
A nautical mile is 800 feet longer than a land mile.
Antarctica has as much ice as the Atlantic Ocean has water.
To temporarily revive your ballpoint pen, dip the tip into hot water for a few seconds.
Wrapping rubber bands around the ends of hangers can prevent clothes from slipping off.
A chalkboard eraser is one of the best ways to wipe a foggy windshield.
Candles will burn longer and drip less if they are placed in the freezer a few hours before using.
Knots come out easier if you sprinkle talcum powder on them.
Over 50 percent of your body heat is lost through your head and neck.
Smile more - every two thousand frowns creates one wrinkle.
Rinsing bacon under cold water before frying can reduce the amount it shrinks by almost 50 percent.
Refrigerating apples can help them last up to 10 times longer than those left at room temperature.
While chopping onions, hold a piece of bread between your lips to keep your eyes from watering.
Place an apple in the bag with your potatoes to keep them from budding.
Place a slice of bread in the storage container to keep cookies soft when storing.
To keep an ice cream cone from dripping, stuff a miniature marshmallow into the bottom of the cone.
To take lumps out of a bag of sugar, place it in the refrigerator for 24 hours.
To remove crayon marks from walls, use a hairdryer to heat the wax.
To make a zipper slide up and down more smoothly, rub a bar of soap over the teeth.
Wipe the leaves of your plants with the soft inside of a banana skin to bring up shine and remove dust.
To clean paint off your hands, use olive oil - it softens the paint and makes it easy to remove.
To fix a button about to fall off, dab a little clear nail polish over the threads holding it on.
About 45% of leisure visitors to downtown New York City come from outside the United States.
New York taxi drivers collectively speak about 60 languages.
New York City is made up of 50 islands.
The strike note of The Liberty Bell is E flat.
Pigs were banished from Philadelphia's city streets in 1710.
About 40% of America's population lives within a one day drive to Philadelphia.
It is against the law to put pretzels in bags in Philadelphia.
The shoreline at Wildwood grows almost 100 feet per year.
Cape May is the oldest seashore resort in America.
In the game Monopoly, the properties are named after streets in Atlantic City.
Long Beach Island was once frequented by pirates.
There is a town called Jersey Shore in Pennsylvania.
The Wildwood Boardwalk extends nearly two miles and has more than 70,000 wooden planks.
The average turtle can't reproduce until it's 25 years old.
The oldest living animal ever found was a 405 year-old clam, named Ming by researchers.
More than 180 countries celebrate Earth Day together every April 22nd.
At 5 feet, the whooping crane is the tallest bird in North America.
A full-grown tree produces enough oxygen to support a family of four.
Unlike your housecat, the Siberian tiger actually loves to swim!
A tiger's night vision is six times better than a human's.
More Siberian tigers live in zoos than in the wild.
The jaguar, the largest cat in the Western Hemisphere, once lived all over the southern US.
The giant panda can eat up to 83 lbs of bamboo a day.
Wildlife Forever has helped plant more than 132,000 trees in America since its founding in 1987.
Manhattan Island was once home to as many different species as Yellowstone National Park.
Dogs can make about 10 sounds, while cats make about 100.
A Pelican can hold more food in its beak than its belly.
The average cat can jump 5 times as high as its tail is long.
Flying fish leap out of the water at 20 mph or more, and can glide for over 500 feet.
The roadrunner chases after its prey at a blurring speed of up to 25 mph.
The archer fish can spit water up to 7 feet to shoot down bugs from overhanging leaves.
The spotted skunk does a handstand to warn off its enemies before it sprays its stench.
A male cricket's ear is located on the tibia of its leg.
Spiny lobsters migrate in groups of 50 or more, forming a conga line on the ocean floor.
The National Park Service manages over 350 parks on 80 million acres of public land.
Stepping out for a walk every day can actually help you sleep better at night.
It takes more water to fill a bathtub than it does to enjoy a nice, warm shower.
On average, a laptop uses half as much energy as a desktop computer.
The average bar of soap lasts twice as long as a bottle of body wash.
Recycled paper is made using 40% less energy than normal paper.
Every ton of recycled paper saves about 17 trees.
Steel is 100% recyclable.
Most rechargeable batteries can be recharged up to 1,000 times.
Manufacturing recycled goods uses up to 95% less energy than using raw materials.
Hybrid cars produce up to 75% less pollution than other vehicles.
A tankless water heater uses half the energy of a standard model.
100% recyclable, old newspapers are great for washing windows.
An egg that is fresh will sink in water, but a stale one won't.
A camel can drink 25 gallons of water in less than three minutes.
In one day, a full-grown oak tree expels 7 tons of water through its leaves.
There is a museum of strawberries in Belgium.
Mangoes are the most-consumed fruit in the world.
Strawberries have an average of 200 seeds.
A strawberry is not an actual berry, but a banana is.
Fresh apples float because 25 percent of their volume is air.
The pomegranate is one of the oldest fruits known to man.
The peach was the first fruit to be eaten on the moon.
A pineapple is neither an apple or a pine. It is, in fact, a large berry.
Only female mosquitoes bite.
A polar bear cannot be seen by an infrared camera, due to its transparent fur. 
A spider's silk is stronger than steel.
The planet Saturn's density is lower than water; in fact, it would float if placed in water.
Twins have a very high occurrence of left handedness.
The fear of vegetables is called lachanophobia.
There are over 2,000 different species of cactuses.
The chicken is the closest living relative of Tyrannosaurus Rex.
All scorpions glow.
Potatoes have more chromosomes than humans.
A full moon is nine times brighter than a half moon.
The human brain takes up 2% of human body weight but uses 20% of its energy.
Poison Ivy is not Ivy and Poison Oak is not an Oak. They are both part of the Cashew family.
Plants, like humans, can run a fever if they are sick.
Over half of the world's geysers are found in Yellowstone National Park.
A group of geese on the ground is a gaggle, a group of geese in the air is a skein.
Polar bears can smell a seal from 20 miles away.
Armadillos have four babies at a time and they are always all the same sex.
The only insect that can turn its head is a praying mantis.
Alaska was bought from Russia for about 2 cents an acre.
A dog's average body temperature is 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
The average housefly lives for one month.
The common garden worm has five pairs of hearts.
Flamingos can only eat with their heads upside down.
A group of twelve or more cows is called a flink.
A group of goats is called a trip.
An alligator can go through 3,000 teeth in a lifetime.
There are more chickens than people in the world.
Penguins can jump 6 feet.
There are approximately 7,000 feathers on an eagle.
The only lizard that has a voice is the Gecko.
A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open.
A duck has three eyelids.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
The muzzle of a lion is like a fingerprint - no two lions have the same pattern of whiskers.
The hippopotamus has the capability to remain underwater for as long as five minutes.
Honeybees have hair on their eyes.
Most elephants weigh less than the tongue of a blue whale.
If a sheep and a goat mate the offspring is called a geep.
Pistol shrimp can make a noise loud enough to break glass.
Some dinosaurs were as small as chickens.
Mountain goats aren't actually goats. They are antelopes.
Koalas only drink water in extreme heat or drought.
Bees are born fully grown.
Ferret comes from the Latin word for little thief.
Cats have 2 sets of vocal cords: one for purring and one for meowing.
Some bears build nests in trees to sunbathe and rest.
A group of jellyfish is called a smack.
The indentation between the nose and the upper lip is called the philtrum.
The human jaw can generate a force up to 200 pounds on the molars.
The human brain is about 80% water.
The middle finger has the fastest growing nail.
The brain operates on the same amount of power as a 10-watt light bulb.
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
Your big toe only has 2 bones and the rest have 3.
The average person takes 23,000 breaths a day.
Hawaii is moving toward Japan at the rate of almost 4 inches per year.
It is illegal to run out of gas in Youngstown, Ohio.
Tennessee was previously named Franklin after Benjamin Franklin.
The official color of California's Golden Gate Bridge is International Orange.
It is not possible to tickle yourself.
Antarctica is the only continent with no owls.
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
In Albania, nodding your head means no and shaking your head means yes.
Shakespeare invented the word assassination and bump.
French author Michel Thayer published a 233 page novel which has no verbs.
Australia is the only continent without an active volcano.
The dots on a domino are called pips.
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
Tug-of-war was an Olympic sport in the early 1900's.
The name of the city we call Bangkok is 115 letters long in the Thai language.
In Ancient Greece, throwing an apple to a woman was considered a marriage proposal.
Karate originated in India.
The infinity sign is called a lemniscate.
Children grow faster during springtime.
It takes an interaction of 72 muscles to produce human speech.
Sailors once thought wearing gold earrings improved eyesight.
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
Your skull is made up of 29 different bones.
Every hour more than one billion cells in the body must be replaced.
Women's hearts typically beat faster than men's hearts.
Adults laugh only about 15 to 100 times a day, while six-year-olds laugh an average of 300 times a day.
Brain waves can power an electric train.
Children have more taste buds than adults.
Right handed people tend to chew food on the right side and lefties chew on the left.
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching television.
Pomology is the study of fruit.
Bananas are the most widely-eaten fruit in America.
Cranberries are sorted for ripeness by bouncing them.
A cucumber consists of 96% water.
The most popular ice cream flavor is vanilla.
Vanilla is used to make chocolate.
Bamboo (the world's tallest grass) can grow up to 90cm in a day.
One lump of sugar is equivalent to three feet of sugar cane.
A lemon contains more sugar than a strawberry.
An average of three billion cups of tea are consumed daily worldwide.
Until the nineteenth century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.
Wild camels once roamed Arizona's deserts.
New York was the first state to require cars to have license plates.
Miami installed the first ATM for rollerbladers.
Hawaii has its own time zone.
Oregon has more ghost towns than any other US city.
New Jersey is home to the world's first drive-in movie theater.
Cleveland, OH is home to the first electric traffic lights.
South Carolina is home to the first tea farm in the U.S.
The typewriter was invented in Milwaukee, WI in 1867.
The term rookies comes from a Civil War term, reckie, which was short for recruit.
Taft was the heaviest U.S. President at 329lbs; Madison was the smallest at 100lbs.
Harry Truman was the last U.S. President to not have a college degree.
Abraham Lincoln was the tallest U.S. President at 6'4", while James Madison was the shortest at 5'4".
Franklin Roosevelt was related to 5 U.S. Presidents by blood and 6 by marriage.
Thomas Jefferson invented the coat hanger.
Theodore Roosevelt had a pet bear while in office.
President Warren G. Harding once lost white house china in a poker game.
Ulysses Simpson Grant was fined $20.00 for speeding on his horse.
President William Taft weighed over 300 lbs and once got stuck in the white house bathtub.
President William McKinley had a pet parrot that he named "Washington Post."
Harry S. Truman's middle name is S.
The youngest U.S. president to be in office was Theodore Roosevelt at age 42.
People don't sneeze when they are asleep because the nerves involved in the sneeze reflex are also resting.
Most Koala bears can sleep up to 22 hours a day.
In 1859, 24 rabbits were released in Australia. Within 6 years, the population grew to 2 million.
Butterflies can taste with their hind feet.
A strand from the web of a golden spider is as strong as a steel wire of the same size.
The bumblebee bat is one of the the smallest mammal on Earth. It weighs less than a penny.
The Valley of Square Trees in Panama is the only known place in the world where trees have rectangular trunks.
In some cultures' telling of Snow White, the dwarves are thieves.
The original Cinderella was Egyptian and wore fur slippers.
The number 1 or the word One appears on the dollar bill 16 times.
The ridges on the sides of coins are called reeding or milling.
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
Neckties were first worn in Croatia, which is why they were called cravats.
The quartz crystal in your wristwatch vibrates 32,768 times a second.
Barbie's full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts.
The first TV toy commercial aired in 1946 for Mr. Potato Head.
If done perfectly, any Rubick's Cube combination can be solved in 17 turns.
The side of a hammer is called a cheek.
In Athens, Greece, a driver's license can be taken away by law if the driver is deemed either unbathed or poorly dressed.
In Texas, it is illegal to graffiti someone's cow.
Less than 3% of the water on Earth is fresh.
A cubic mile of fog is made up of less than a gallon of water.
Meteorologists claim they're right 85% of the time.
The Saturn V moon rocket consumed 15 tons of fuel per second.
A manned rocket can reach the moon in less time than it took a stagecoach to travel the length of England.
At room temperature, the average air molecule travels at the speed of a rifle bullet.
The Lollipop was named after one of the most famous Racehorses in the early 1900s, Lolly Pop.
Buzz Aldrin was one of the first men on the moon. His mother's maiden name was also Moon.
Maine is the only state with a one-syllable name.
In Germany, the shhh sound literally means hurry up.
The highest denomination issued by the U.S. was the 100,000 dollar bill.
The White House was originally called the President's Palace. It became The White House in 1901.
George Washington was the only unanimously elected President.
John Adams was the only President to be defeated by his Vice President, Thomas Jefferson.
New York City has over 800 miles of subway track.
Manatees' eyes close in a circular motion, much like the aperture of a camera.
Even though it is nearly twice as far away from the Sun as Mercury, Venus is by far the hottest planet.
The nothingness of a black hole generates a sound in the key of B flat.
Horses can't vomit.
A crocodile can't stick out its tongue.
Babies are born with about 300 separate bones, but adults have 206.
Newborn babies cannot cry tears for at least three weeks.
A day on Venus lasts longer than a year on Venus.
Squirrels lose more than half of the nuts they hide.
The penny was the first U.S. coin to feature the likeness of an actual person.
Forty percent of twins invent their own language.
In South Korea, it is against the rules for a professional baseball player to wear cabbage leaves inside of his hat.
Curly hair follicles are oval, while straight hair follicles are round.
George Washington had false teeth made of gold, ivory, and lead - but never wood.
Napoleon Bonaparte was actually not short. At 5' 7", he was average height for his time.
The Inca built the largest and wealthiest empire in South America, but had no concept of money.
It is against the law to use "The Star Spangled Banner" as dance music in Massachusetts.
Queen Cleopatra of Egypt was not actually Egyptian.
Early football fields were painted with both horizontal and vertical lines, creating a pattern that resembled a gridiron.
Two national capitals are named after U.S. presidents: Washington, D.C., and Monrovia, the capital of Liberia.
The first spam message was transmitted over telegraph wires in 1864.
A pearl can be dissolved by vinegar.
Queen Isabella I of Spain, who funded Columbus' voyage across the ocean, claimed to have only bathed twice in her life.
The longest attack of hiccups ever lasted 68 years.
A bolt of lightning can reach temperatures hotter than 50,000 degrees Fahrenheit - five times hotter than the sun.
At the deepest point in the ocean, the water pressure is equivalent to having about 50 jumbo jets piled on top of you.
In only 7.6 billion years, the sun will reach its maximum size and will shine 3,000 times brighter.
The state of Alabama once financed the construction of a bridge by holding a rooster auction.
Federal law once allowed the government to quarantine people who came in contact with aliens.
There are 21 "secret" highways that are part of the Interstate Highway System. They are not identified as such by road signs.
The aphid insect is born pregnant.
John Wilkes Booth's brother saved the life of Abraham Lincoln's son.
It is illegal in the United Kingdom to handle salmon in suspicious circumstances.
It is illegal to play annoying games in the street in the United Kingdom.
Tennis was originally played with bare hands.
-40 degrees Fahrenheit is the same temperatures as -40 degrees Celsius.
U.S. President John Tyler had 15 children, the last of which was born when he was 70 years old.
Dolphins are unable to smell.
Charlie Chaplin failed to make the finals of a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest.
The name of the city of Portland, Oregon was decided by a coin toss. The name that lost was Boston.
All gondolas in Venice, Italy must be painted black unless they are carrying an important person.
The letter J is the only letter in the alphabet that does not appear anywhere on the periodic table of the elements.
'K' was chosen to stand for a strikeout in baseball because 'S' was being used to denote a sacrifice.
The tradition of baseball managers wearing player uniforms started because the first managers were also players.
A dimpled golf ball produces less drag and flies farther than a smooth golf ball.
When grazing or resting, cows tend to align their bodies with the magnetic north and south poles.
President Chester A. Arthur owned 80 pairs of pants, which he changed several times per day.
Cows do not have upper front teeth.
Between 1979 and 1999, the planet Neptune was farther from the Sun than Pluto. This won't happen again until 2227.
When creating a mummy, Ancient Egyptians removed the brain by inserting a hook through the nostrils.
All of the major candidates in the 1992, 1996, and 2008 U.S. presidential elections were left-handed.
In Switzerland, it is illegal to own only one guinea pig because they are prone to loneliness.
The first American gold rush happened in North Carolina, not California.
Each year, the Moon moves away from Earth by about four centimeters.
To make one pound of honey, a honeybee must tap about two million flowers.
Chicago is named after smelly garlic that once grew in the area.
The Chicago river flows backwards, the flow reversal project was completed in 1900.
The patent for the fire hydrant was destroyed in a fire.
Powerful earthquakes can make the Earth spin faster.
Baby bunnies are called kittens.
A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
Sea otters hold each other's paws while sleeping so they don't drift apart.
Gentoo penguins propose to their life mates with a pebble.
Male pups will intentionally let female pups “win” when they play-fight so they can get to know them better.
A cat's nose is ridged with a unique pattern, just like a human fingerprint.
A group of porcupines is called a prickle.
99% of our solar system's mass is the sun.
More energy from the sun hits Earth every hour than the planet uses in a year.
If two pieces of the same type of metal touch in outer space, they will bond together permanently.
Just a sugar cube of neutron star matter would weigh about one hundred million tons on Earth.
A soup can full of neutron star material would have more mass than the Moon.
Ancient Chinese warriors would show off to their enemies before battle, by juggling.
OMG was added to dictionaries in 2011, but it's first known use was in 1917.
In the state of Arizona, it is illegal for donkeys to sleep in bathtubs.
The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher.
Rats and mice are ticklish, and even laugh when tickled.
Norway once knighted a penguin.
The King of Hearts is the only king without a mustache.
It is illegal to sing off-key in North Carolina.
Forty is the only number whose letters are in alphabetical order.
One is the only number with letters in reverse alphabetical order.
Strawberries are grown in every state in the U.S. and every province in Canada.
The phrase, “You're a real peach” originated from the tradition of giving peaches to loved ones.
At latitude 60° south, it is possible to sail clear around the world without touching land.
Interstate 90 is the longest U.S. Interstate Highway with over 3,000 miles from Seattle, WA to Boston, MA.
DFW Airport in Texas is larger than the island of Manhattan.
Benjamin Franklin invented flippers.
Miami installed the first ATM for inline skaters.
Indonesia is made up of more than 17,000 islands.
Giraffes have the same number of vertebrae as humans: 7.
The official taxonomic classification for llamas is Llama glama.
Remove all the space between its atoms and Earth would be the size of a baseball.
The soil on Mars is rust color because it's full of rust.
Sound travels up to 15 times faster through steel than air, at speeds up to 19,000 feet per second.
Humans share 50% of their DNA with bananas.
Maine is the closest U.S. state to Africa.
An octopus has three hearts.
It is impossible to lick your elbow (busted)
A crocodile can't stick it's tongue out.
A shrimp's heart is in it's head.
People say "Bless you" when you sneeze because when you sneeze,your heart stops for a mili-second.
In a study of 200,000 ostriches over a period of 80 years, no one reported a single case where an ostrich buried its head in the sand.
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit. (busted?)
More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.
Rats and horses can't vomit.
If you sneeze too hard, you can fracture a rib.
If you try to suppress a sneeze, you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die.
If you keep your eyes open by force when you sneeze, you might pop an eyeball out.
Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have over a million descendants.
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.
23% of all photocopier faults worldwide are caused by people sitting on them and photocopying their butts.
In the course of an average lifetime you will, while sleeping,eat 70 assorted insects and 10 spiders.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
Over 75% of people who read this will try to lick their elbow.
A crocodile can't move its tongue and cannot chew.
Its digestive juices are so strong that it can digest a steel nail.
Money notes are not made from paper, they are made mostly from a special blend of cotton and linen. In 1932, when a shortage of cash occurred in Tenino, Washington, USA, notes were made out of wood for a brief period.
The Grammy Awards were introduced to counter the threat of rock music. In the late 1950s, a group of record executives were alarmed by the explosive success of rock ‘n roll, considering it a threat to "quality" music.
Tea is said to have been discovered in 2737 BC by a Chinese emperor when some tea leaves accidentally blew into a pot of boiling water. The tea bag was introduced in 1908 by Thomas Sullivan of New York.
Over the last 150 years the average height of people in industrialised nations has increased 10 cm (about 4 inches). In the 19th century, American men were the tallest in the world, averaging 1,71m (5'6"). Today, the average height for American men is 1,75m (5'7"), compared to 1,77 (5'8") for Swedes, and 1,78 (5'8.5") for the Dutch. The tallest nation in the world is the Watusis of Burundi.
In 1955 the richest woman in the world was Mrs Hetty Green Wilks, who left an estate of $95 million in a will that was found in a tin box with four pieces of soap.                
Queen Elizabeth of Britain and Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands count under the 10 wealthiest women in the world.
Joseph Niepce developed the world's first photographic image in 1827. Thomas Edison and W K L Dickson introduced the film camera in 1894. But the first projection of an image on a screen was made by a German priest. In 1646, Athanasius Kircher used a candle or oil lamp to project hand-painted images onto a white screen.
In 1935 a writer named Dudley Nichols refused to accept the Oscar for his movie The Informer because the Writers Guild was on strike against the movie studios. In 1970 George C. Scott refused the Best Actor Oscar for Patton. In 1972 Marlon Brando refused the Oscar for his role in The Godfather.
The system of democracy was introduced 2 500 years ago in Athens, Greece. The oldest existing governing body operates in Althing in Iceland. It was established in 930 AD.
A person can live without food for about a month, but only about a week without water.
If the amount of water in your body is reduced by just 1%, you'll feel thirsty.
If it's reduced by 10%, you'll die.
According to a study by the Economic Research Service, 27% of all food production in Western nations ends up in garbage cans. Yet, 1,2 billion people are underfed - the same number of people who are overweight.
Camels are called "ships of the desert" because of the way they move, not because of their transport capabilities. A Dromedary camel has one hump and a Bactrian camel two humps. The humps are used as fat storage. Thus, an undernourished camel will not have a hump.
In the Durango desert, in Mexico, there's a creepy spot called the "Zone of Silence." You can't pick up clear TV or radio signals. And locals say fireballs sometimes appear in the sky.
Ethernet is a registered trademark of Xerox, Unix is a registered trademark of AT&T.
Bill Gates' first business was Traff-O-Data, a company that created machines which recorded the number of cars passing a given point on a road.
Uranus' orbital axis is tilted at 90 degrees.
The final resting-place for Dr. Eugene Shoemaker - the Moon. The famed U.S. Geological Survey astronomer, trained the Apollo astronauts about craters, but never made it into space. Mr. Shoemaker had wanted to be an astronaut but was rejected because of a medical problem. His ashes were placed on board the Lunar Prospector spacecraft before it was launched on January 6, 1998. NASA crashed the probe into a crater on the moon in an attempt to learn if there is water on the moon.
Outside the USA, Ireland is the largest software producing country in the world.
The first fossilized specimen of Australopithecus afarenisis was named Lucy after the paleontologists' favorite song "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds," by the Beatles.
Figlet, an ASCII font converter program, stands for Frank, Ian and Glenn's LETters.
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
Every year about 98% of atoms in your body are replaced.
Hot water is heavier than cold.
Plutonium - first weighed on August 20th, 1942, by University of Chicago scientists Glenn Seaborg and his colleagues - was the first man-made element.
If you went out into space, you would explode before you suffocated because there's no air pressure.
The radioactive substance, Americanium - 241 is used in many smoke detectors.
The original IBM-PCs, that had hard drives, referred to the hard drives as Winchester drives. This is due to the fact that the original Winchester drive had a model number of 3030. This is, of course, a Winchester firearm.
Sound travels 15 times faster through steel than through the air.
On average, half of all false teeth have some form of radioactivity.
Only one satellite has been ever been destroyed by a meteor: the European Space Agency's Olympus in 1993.
Starch is used as a binder in the production of paper. It is the use of a starch coating that controls ink penetration when printing. Cheaper papers do not use as much starch, and this is why your elbows get black when you are leaning over your morning paper.
Sterling silver is not pure silver. Because pure silver is too soft to be used in most tableware it is mixed with copper in the proportion of 92.5 percent silver to 7.5 percent copper.
A ball of glass will bounce higher than a ball of rubber. A ball of solid steel will bounce higher than one made entirely of glass.
A chip of silicon a quarter-inch square has the capacity of the original 1949 ENIAC computer, which occupied a city block.
An ordinary TNT bomb involves atomic reaction, and could be called an atomic bomb. What we call an A-bomb involves nuclear reactions and should be called a nuclear bomb.
At a glance, the Celsius scale makes more sense than the Fahrenheit scale for temperature measuring. But its creator, Anders Celsius, was an oddball scientist. When he first developed his scale, he made freezing 100 degrees and boiling 0 degrees, or upside down. No one dared point this out to him, so fellow scientists waited until Celsius died to change the scale.
At a jet plane's speed of 1,000 km (620mi) per hour, the length of the plane becomes one atom shorter than its original length.
The first full moon to occur on the winter solstice, Dec. 22, commonly called the first day of winter, happened in 1999. Since a full moon on the winter solstice occurred in conjunction with a lunar perigee (point in the moon's orbit that is closest to Earth), the moon appeared about 14% larger than it does at apogee (the point in it's elliptical orbit that is farthest from the Earth). 
Since the Earth is also several million miles closer to the sun at that time of the year than in the summer, sunlight striking the moon was about 7% stronger making it brighter. Also, this was the closest perigee of the Moon of the year since the moon's orbit is constantly deforming. In places where the weather was clear and there was a snow cover, even car headlights were superfluous.
According to security equipment specialists, security systems that utilize motion detectors won't function properly if walls and floors are too hot. When an infrared beam is used in a motion detector, it will pick up a person's body temperature of 98.6 degrees compared to the cooler walls and floor.
If the room is too hot, the motion detector won't register a change in the radiated heat of that person's body when it enters the room and breaks the infrared beam. Your home's safety might be compromised if you turn your air conditioning off or set the thermostat too high while on summer vacation.
Western Electric successfully brought sound to motion pictures and introduced systems of mobile communications which culminated in the cellular telephone.
On December 23, 1947, Bell Telephone Laboratories in Murray Hill, N.J., held a secret demonstration of the transistor which marked the foundation of modern electronics.
The wick of a trick candle has small amounts of magnesium in them. When you light the candle, you are also lighting the magnesium. When someone tries to blow out the flame, the magnesium inside the wick continues to burn and, in just a split second (or two or three), relights the wick.
Ostriches are often not taken seriously. They can run faster than horses, and the males can roar like lions.
Seals used for their fur get extremely sick when taken aboard ships.
Sloths take two weeks to digest their food.
Guinea pigs and rabbits can't sweat.
The pet food company Ralston Purina recently introduced, from its subsidiary Purina Philippines, power chicken feed designed to help roosters build muscles for cockfighting, which is popular in many areas of the world.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the cockfighting market is huge: The Philippines has five million roosters used for exactly that.
Sharks and rays are the only animals known to man that don't get cancer. Scientists believe this has something to do with the fact that they don't have bones, but cartilage.
The porpoise is second to man as the most intelligent animal on the planet.
Young beavers stay with their parents for the first two years of their lives before going out on their own.
Skunks can accurately spray their smelly fluid as far as ten feet.
Deer can't eat hay.
Gopher snakes in Arizona are not poisonous, but when frightened they may hiss and shake their tails like rattlesnakes.
On average, dogs have better eyesight than humans, although not as colorful.
The duckbill platypus can store as many as six hundred worms in the pouches of its cheeks.
The lifespan of a squirrel is about nine years.
North American oysters do not make pearls of any value.
Human birth control pills work on gorillas.
Many sharks lay eggs, but hammerheads give birth to live babies that look like very small duplicates of their parents. Young hammerheads are usually born headfirst, with the tip of their hammer-shaped head folded backward to make them more streamlined for birth.
Gorillas sleep as much as fourteen hours per day.
A biological reserve has been made for golden toads because they are so rare.
There are more than fifty different kinds of kangaroos.
Jellyfish like salt water. A rainy season often reduces the jellyfish population by putting more fresh water into normally salty waters where they live.
The female lion does ninety percent of the hunting.
The odds of seeing three albino deer at once are one in seventy-nine billion, yet one man in Boulder Junction, Wisconsin, took a picture of three albino deer in the woods.
A group of twelve or more cows is called a flink.
Cats often rub up against people and furniture to lay their scent and mark their territory. They do it this way, as opposed to the way dogs do it, because they have scent glands in their faces.
Cats sleep up to eighteen hours a day, but never quite as deep as humans. Instead, they fall asleep quickly and wake up intermittently to check to see if their environment is still safe.
Catnip, or Nepeta cataria, is an herb with nepetalactone in it. Many think that when cats inhale nepetalactone, it affects hormones that arouse sexual feelings, or at least alter their brain functioning to make them feel "high." Catnip was originally made, using nepetalactone as a natural bug repellant, but roaming cats would rip up the plants before they could be put to their intended task.
The nematode Caenorhabditis elegans ages the equivalent of five human years for every day they live, so they usually die after about fourteen days. When stressed, though, the worm goes into a comatose state that can last for two or more months. The human equivalent would be to sleep for about two hundred years.
You can tell the sex of a horse by its teeth. Most males have 40, females have 36.
The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottle represents the   varieties of pickle the company once had.
Your stomach produces a new layer of mucus every   two weeks - otherwise it will digest itself.
The Declaration of Independence was written on   hemp paper.
A raisin dropped in a glass of fresh champagne   will bounce up and down continuously from the bottom of the glass to the   top.
Susan Lucci is the daughter of Phyllis   Diller.
(removed, duplicated)
315 entries in Webster's 1996 Dictionary were   misspelled.
On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong   parents daily.
During the chariot scene in 'Ben Hur' a small red   car can be seen in the distance.
Warren Beatty and Shirley MacLaine are brother and   sister.
Orcas (killer whales) kill sharks by torpedoing up   into the shark's stomach from underneath, causing the shark to explode.
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland   because he doesn't wear any pants.
Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine.
Upper and lower case letters are named 'upper' and   'lower' because in the time when all original print had to be set in individual   letters, the 'upper case' letters were stored in the case on top of the case   that stored the smaller, 'lower case' letters.
Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand and   draw with the other at the same time.
Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out   during World War II were made of wood.
There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling   casinos.
The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan,   there was never a recorded Wendy before!
There are no words in the dictionary that rhyme   with: orange, purple, and silver!
Leonardo Da Vinci invented scissors.
A tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion will make it   instantly go mad and sting itself to death.
The mask used by Michael Myers in the original   "Halloween" was a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
If you have three quarters, four dimes, and four   pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins   without being able to make change for a dollar.
Celery has negative calories! It takes more   calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it to begin with. It's   the same with apples!
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you   from crying!
The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified   kosher.
Guinness Book of Records holds the record for   being the book most often stolen from Public Libraries.
Astronauts are not allowed to eat beans before   they go into space because passing wind in a space suit damages them.
The word "queue" is the only word in the English language that is still pronounced the same way when the last four letters are removed.
Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms  like fried bacon.
Of all the words in the English language, the word ’set’ has the most definitions!
What is called a "French kiss" in the English speaking world is known as an "English kiss" in France.
"Almost" is the longest word in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order.
"Rhythm" is the longest English word without a vowel.
In 1386, a pig in France was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child
(removed, duplicated)
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
You can’t kill yourself by holding your breath
There is a city called Rome on every continent.
It’s against the law to have a pet dog in Iceland.
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day.
Horatio Nelson, one of England’s most illustrious admirals was throughout his life, never able to find a cure for his sea-sickness.
The skeleton of Jeremy Bentham is present at all important meetings of the University of London
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people
Your ribs move about 5 million times a year, everytime you breathe!
The elephant is the only mammal  that can’t jump!
One quarter of the bones in your body, are in your feet!
(removed, duplicated)
The first known transfusion of blood was performed as early as 1667, when Jean-Baptiste, transfused two pints of blood from a sheep to a young man
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin!
The present population of 5 billion plus people of the world is predicted to become 15 billion by 2080.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle.
Honey is the only food that does not spoil. Honey found in the tombs of Egyptian pharaohs has been tasted by archaeologists and found edible.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a "Friday the 13th."
Coca-Cola would be green if colouring weren’t added to it.
On average a hedgehog’s  heart beats 300 times a minute.
More people are killed each year from bees than from snakes.
The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words.
More people are allergic to cow’s milk than any other food.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
The placement of a donkey’s eyes in its’ heads enables it to see all four feet at all times!
The six official languages of the United Nations are: English, French, Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Spanish.
Earth is the only planet not named after a god.
It’s against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA.
You’re born with 300 bones, but by the time you become an adult, you only have 206.
Some worms will eat themselves if they can’t find any food!
Dolphins sleep with one eye open!
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open
The worlds oldest piece of chewing gum is 9000 years old!
The longest recorded flight  of a chicken is 13 seconds
Queen Elizabeth I regarded herself as a paragon of cleanliness. She declared that she bathed once every three months, whether she needed it or not
Slugs have 4 noses.
Owls are the only birds who can see the colour blue.
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years!
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue!
The average person laughs 10 times a day!
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
If you farted consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb.
The human heart! creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
A pig's orgasm lasts 30 minutes.
A cockroach will live for weeks without its head before it starves to death
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories a hour
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the male's head off.
The flea can jump 350 times its body length. It's like a human jumping the length of a football field.
The catfish has over 27,000 taste buds.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
The strongest muscle in the body is the tongue.
A cat's urine glows under a black light.
(removed, duplicated)
Starfish have no brains.
Polar bears are left-handed.
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure.
In France, it is legal to marry a dead person (Contributed by Loes - 16 May 2015)
